README.md, before:

## Covid Test Reporting

( Launch Link
  TOP explanation, 
  Screenshots, 
  Description )


> [Planning materials on Trello ✨](https://trello.com/b/ofrxxDPK/covid-test-data-site)<br/>

###  Contributors
#### Software Engineering (alphabetically)
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Abdiresac Sheikdon](https://github.com/sheikdon)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Alaysia Veal](https://github.com/AlaysiaVeal)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Ceina Ellison](https://github.com/xcbhx)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Cindy Amaya](https://github.com/camaya21)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Emily Jarecki](https://github.com/EmilyJarecki)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Josh Bellon](https://github.com/jathos)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Mary Lueder](https://github.com/mjlueder)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Youssef Shabo](https://github.com/YoussefShabo)<br/>

#### UI/UX
![linkedin logo](/src/assets/linkedin.png) [Ralph Rezza](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-john-rezza/)

#### Data Science


### 🗜️ Technologies Used
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)<br />
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)<br />
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)<br/>
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)<br />
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)<br />
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)<br />

Commit message:

add TOP description and link to readme

README.md, after:

## The Opportunity Project 2023: Covid Test Reporting

( Launch Link
  Screenshots )

The Opportunity Project facilitates 12-week product development cycles (called “sprints”) that pull together innovators from every sector. Tech teams join a sprint to build data-powered solutions to critical problems facing the public. Then, we match them with subject-matter experts, who offer valuable information and feedback.

[The Opportunity Project 2023](https://opportunity.census.gov/sprints/fda-diagnostic/)

In vitro diagnostic (IVD) tests, such as SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19 tests, are critical data sources for the healthcare ecosystem. But with the advent of new at-anywhere and non-lab based tests, capturing data these tests generate requires innovation and new digital technologies. We challenge teams to create tools that integrate emerging technologies, such as image capture and IoT, into IVD testing devices, to help easily capture and transmit this information, while doing so in accordance with best practice data standards.

> [Planning materials on Trello ✨](https://trello.com/b/ofrxxDPK/covid-test-data-site)<br/>

###  Contributors
#### Software Engineering (alphabetically)
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Abdiresac Sheikdon](https://github.com/sheikdon)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Alaysia Veal](https://github.com/AlaysiaVeal)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Ceina Ellison](https://github.com/xcbhx)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Cindy Amaya](https://github.com/camaya21)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Emily Jarecki](https://github.com/EmilyJarecki)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Josh Bellon](https://github.com/jathos)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Mary Lueder](https://github.com/mjlueder)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Youssef Shabo](https://github.com/YoussefShabo)<br/>

#### UI/UX
![linkedin logo](/src/assets/linkedin.png) [Ralph Rezza](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-john-rezza/)

#### Data Science
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Bekzod Tolipov](https://github.com/BekzodTolipov/BekzodTolipov)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Dan Rossetti](https://github.com/drossDS)<br/>
![github logo](/src/assets/github.png) [Ricky Everest]()<br/>

### 🗜️ Technologies Used
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)<br />
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)<br />
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)<br/>
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)<br />
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)<br />
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)<br />
